Prepare for release 1.1.14 (#6381)
Azure/iotedge: edge-modules/metrics-collector/CHANGELOG.md

# 1.0.8 (2022-05-24)

### Bug Fixes

> - Update Base Images to address Microsoft .NET Security Updates for [CVE-2022-23267](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2022-23267), [CVE-2022-29117](https://github.com/dotnet/announcements/issues/220), [CVE-2022-29145](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2022-29145), OpenSSL vulnerability [USN-5402-1](https://ubuntu.com/security/notices/USN-5402-1), curl vulnerability [USN-5412-1](https://ubuntu.com/security/notices/USN-5412-1), and OpenLDAP Vulnerability [USN-5424-1](https://ubuntu.com/security/notices/USN-5424-1)

Reviewer: Metric Collector is its own module with an independent versioning. We do it's release independently. Please remove it from here.

Author: We do have S360 alerts for metrics collector base images as well.

I don't mind removing it and doing the release separately -- but we would need to do a metrics collector release soon enough then.

Do you still want me to remove it?

Reviewer: Yes. Make it a separate PR.

Reviewer 2: @yophilav I don't mean to throw a wrench in things...but I don't see why we can't update the release notes in this commit even though we release metrics collector separately? Both releases will point to the same commit, I don't see any problem with that.

Reviewer: Sure. I don't see harm in doing that. Personally, I'd prefer to have them as 2 separate PRs to keep my thinking straight what is being updated.

# 1.0.8 (2022-05-24)

### Bug Fixes
- Update Base Images to address Microsoft .NET Security Updates for [CVE-2022-23267](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2022-23267), [CVE-2022-29117](https://github.com/dotnet/announcements/issues/220), [CVE-2022-29145](https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2022-29145), OpenSSL vulnerability [USN-5402-1](https://ubuntu.com/security/notices/USN-5402-1), curl vulnerability [USN-5412-1](https://ubuntu.com/security/notices/USN-5412-1), and OpenLDAP Vulnerability [USN-5424-1](https://ubuntu.com/security/notices/USN-5424-1)

> - Experimental feature to support scraping of 3rd party containers that provide prometheus metrics without iot edge specific tags. [User "alaendle" reported the issue, created the user voice feedback (that has received 12 upvotes so far), and contributed a way to enable it.]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Experimental feature to [support scraping of 3rd party containers that provide prometheus metrics without iot edge specific tags](https://feedback.azure.com/d365community/idea/c5cdb9ba-398a-ec11-a81b-0022484bfd94). [Special thanks to user "alaendle" for reporting the issue, creating the user voice feedback, and contributing a potential solution.]
```
